Dr Blanck said:
Spell out your aims explicitly, probably bullet points would be best. There are many different path finding problems, depending on the information available. If only partial information about the maze is available at start we also have to build a complete map before being able to produce optimal paths. Should this be part of the solution time or not? You have covered a good amount of background, but you haven't spent enough time thinking about it and tying it together for us to understand. A clearer story of exactly what you would like to test would also help. There are too many lapses in the writing, I'm sure you can do better. The risk analysis could certainly be improved. References should follow standard format. 

Dr Harman said:
This is good, interesting project with lots of scope - the main areas for improvement, for me, are in the way you present information in the document. An abstract should be a summary of the whole document. In this case, you are just 'summarising' machine learning in general. Try to write an abstract that reflects and summarises what *you* have written. The introduction is a bit messy. You then dive in a bit with a first couple of sentences that talk about 'areas' - it would help to say up-front (not just in the title) that you are working on pathfinding. You then jump around non-ML algorithms a bit, and start talking about risks. Try to keep the order logical: I am going to do X; this means I need to work on understand Y; previous work on Y is etc. Literature Review - same thing, a bit. For example the first paragraph doesn't say anything really and is not actually about the literature review. Keep focussed on the topic you are dealing with. B, which starts off as a really good example of how to summarise literature then starts talking about what you are going to do; E does pretty-much only that. Try to keep this section focussed on what others have done, not what you are going to do. Approaches - could do with examples. It's not clear what these really mean (for example, what is a possible heuristic function? just a simple example?). Because they are presented in an abstract way, it's also not 100% clear you understand them (examples would clear that up). Programming Languages - sensible discussion but surely the main driver is what APIs are available? Development Model - can I suggest that Waterfall is always a very bad idea for a project, where you have no clearly defined end product but a very fixed timetable? Fully agile is almost always the sensible choice. Risks - very vague. The way to do risks is to write a 'Risk Register' - a table with a varying number of columns. For a simple thing like this, the columns are risk, likelihood (scale 1-5), impact (scale 1-5), product of likelihood/impact (scale 1-25), mitigation for those with product above some threshold (say 12). Mitigation is what are you going to do to make the risk less likely, and what will you do if it happens References - don't use wikipedia - go to the primary source (it is likely wikipedia will also reference this so it will be easy to find). There are quite a few typos (e.g. 'simulation an ant colony' 'weather' instead of 'whether', to pick the first two) 
